at story time you know when I was young
we had a boat and everything is someone
who takes Italy and there was love and
there was family
there was a wonderful time we were just
driving something
say no virus or chemical attack it has
been or even if you see that takes on
the form of your worst fears every
contact we have had with the outside has
brought us death
one's coming for us does anyone there
hello we have a place it's safe here
it's the fastest way to get here is by
the river the birds will warn you
whatever those things we're going on the
trip never take off your blindfold
we'll make it you take this and you go
[Music]